V0.15.2 (#996)
firecracker-microvm/firecracker: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [0.15.2]

### Fixed

> - Corrected the conditional compilation macro of the seccomp rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Corrected the conditional compilation macro of the seccomp rule for `madvise`.
```
